Rancher 2.5 control plane docs (#11639)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/kubernetes/control_plane.md

On other managed services, such as Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) and Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE), the user cannot access the control plane components. As a result, it is not possible to run the `kube_apiserver`, `kube_controller_manager`, `kube_scheduler`, and `etcd` checks in these environments.

## Kubernetes on Rancher Kubernetes Engine (v2.5+) {#RKE}

Rancher v2.5 relies on [PushProx][10] to expose control plane metric endpoints, this allows the Datadog Agent to run control plane checks and collect metrics.

### Prerequisites

> 1. Install the [rancher-monitoring chart][11]
> 1. The `pushprox` daemonsets are deployed via `rancher-monitoring` and running in the `cattle-monitoring-system` namespace.

Reviewer: Our flavor of markdown gets buggy if you leave numbered lists all the same number 😢 
```suggestion
1. Install the [rancher-monitoring chart][11].
2. The `pushprox` daemonsets are deployed with `rancher-monitoring` and running in the `cattle-monitoring-system` namespace.
```

> ### API Server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### API server
```

To configure the `kube_apiserver_metrics` check, add the following annotations to the `default/kubernetes` service:

```yaml
annotations:
  ad.datadoghq.com/endpoints.check_names: '["kube_apiserver_metrics"]'
  ad.datadoghq.com/endpoints.init_configs: '[{}]'
  ad.datadoghq.com/endpoints.instances: '[{ "prometheus_url": "https://%%host%%:%%port%%/metrics", "bearer_token_auth": "true" }]'
```

> ### ETCD, Controller Manager and Scheduler

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Add Kubernetes services
```

Reviewer 2: @jtappa can we be more specific like
```suggestion
### Add Kubernetes services to configure auto-discovery checks
```

Reviewer: Yes, that's better!

> By adding headless Kubernetes services to define check configurations, the Datadog Agent will be able to target the `pushprox` pods and collect metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By adding headless Kubernetes services to define check configurations, the Datadog Agent is able to target the `pushprox` pods and collect metrics.
```

          "tls_private_key": "/host/opt/rke/etc/kubernetes/ssl/kube-etcd-172-29-160-41-key.pem"
        }
      ]
spec:
  clusterIP: None
  selector:
    k8s-app: pushprox-kube-etcd-client
```

Deploy the Datadog Agent with manifests based on the following configurations:

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Helm" %}}

Custom `values.yaml`:

```
datadog:
  apiKey: <DATADOG_API_KEY>
  appKey: <DATADOG_APP_KEY>
  clusterName: <CLUSTER_NAME>
  kubelet:
    tlsVerify: false
agents:
  volumes:
    - hostPath:
        path: /opt/rke/etc/kubernetes/ssl
      name: etcd-certs
  volumeMounts:
    - name: etcd-certs
      mountPath: /host/opt/rke/etc/kubernetes/ssl
      readOnly: true
  tolerations:
  - effect: NoSchedule
    key: node-role.kubernetes.io/controlplane
    operator: Exists
  - effect: NoExecute
    key: node-role.kubernetes.io/etcd
    operator: Exists
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Operator" %}}

DatadogAgent Kubernetes Resource:

```
apiVersion: datadoghq.com/v1alpha1
kind: DatadogAgent
metadata:
  name: datadog
spec:
  credentials:
    apiKey: <DATADOG_API_KEY>
    appKey: <DATADOG_APP_KEY>
  clusterName: <CLUSTER_NAME>
  agent:

>     image:
>       name: "gcr.io/datadoghq/agent:latest"

Reviewer 2: thanks to operator v0.7.0 and the defaulting logic. I think we can remove the need of defining the image

```suggestion
```

    config:
      kubelet:
        tlsVerify: false
      volumes:
        - hostPath:
            path: /opt/rke/etc/kubernetes/ssl
          name: etcd-certs
      volumeMounts:
        - name: etcd-certs
          mountPath: /host/opt/rke/etc/kubernetes/ssl
          readOnly: true
      tolerations:
        - effect: NoSchedule
          key: node-role.kubernetes.io/controlplane
          operator: Exists
        - effect: NoExecute
          key: node-role.kubernetes.io/etcd
          operator: Exists
  clusterAgent:

>     image:
>       name: "gcr.io/datadoghq/cluster-agent:latest"

Reviewer 2: same for the `clusterAgent.image`

```suggestion
```
